📢 New Post: https://galaxyproject.org/news/2025-05-15-anylabeling-it/ (#317)
usegalaxy-eu/galaxy-social: posts/json_bot/galaxy_news/2025-05-15-anylabeling-it-eu.md

---
media:
- matrix-eu-announce
- mastodon-eu-freiburg
mentions:
  mastodon-eu-freiburg:

>   - galaxyproject@mstdn.science

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - galaxyproject@mstdn.science
  - nfdi4bioimage@nfdi.social
```

hashtags:
  mastodon-eu-freiburg:
  - UseGalaxy
  - GalaxyProject
  - EOSC
  - UniFreiburg
---

> Use AnyLabeling in the European Galaxy Server as an interactive tool
> https://galaxyproject.org/news/2025-05-15-anylabeling-it/
> ![AnyLabeling](https://galaxyproject.org/images/galaxy-anylabeling.png)
> ![AnyLabeling tasks](https://galaxyproject.org/images/galaxy-anylabeling-tasks.png)
> ![AnyLabeling results ](https://galaxyproject.org/images/galaxy-anylabeling-results.png)
> ![logo NFDI4BIOIMAGE](https://galaxyproject.org/images/logos/nfdi4bioimage.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AnyLabeling - an effortless AI-assisted data labeling with AI support from YOLO and Segment Anything (SAM+SAM2) is now available in Galaxy as an Interactive Tool.

https://galaxyproject.org/news/2025-05-15-anylabeling-it/

![AnyLabeling](https://galaxyproject.org/images/galaxy-anylabeling.png)
![AnyLabeling tasks](https://galaxyproject.org/images/galaxy-anylabeling-tasks.png)
```
